all right so Razer is launching this new
gaming mouse this is a Razer Viper and
I'm shooting this for days before they
actually have their announcement or
launch of the product so I'm gonna open
it up do a quick kind of product profile
of it and then properly test it out and
add it to the tail end of this video I
don't think that the retail box will be
this this is a pretty chintzy looking
cardboard box but that's what we have
here I think this is just like an
engineering sample they have a picture
of the of the International like the
dota tournament clearly it's an eSports
mouse so what makes an eSports mouse
what is an eSports mess well for one
it's used in competitive gaming where
you're trying to just outdo your
opponent and potentially win three
million dollars like that six year old
kid did in fortnight a couple days ago
okay this is superlight I've handled a
lot of razer mice this thing actually
feels almost like fake or like a toy
like it's just so much lighter than any
other razer masks that i've used not
that Razors mice are super heavy but
they never really focused on weight this
is clearly like I like light mice and
that's why the mouse that I use is like
it's a lighter mouse this is a 80 gram
the G pro the G pro Wireless from
Logitech this is 80 grams I feel like
this is I mean this is distinctly
lighter this is 69 grams
it's alright 69 grams so it's it's light
and compared to any other razor mass
before seriously it almost feels like it
feels weird okay another thing I'm
noticing this is an ambidextrous Mouse
right off the RIP not a lot of Razer
mice are ambidextrous if you have a
couple I think the landside was one of
them but this one this is their Death
Adder super popular Mouse very common
amongst professional eSports guys I mean
it's a very it's a different look it's a
different everything it's like I don't
think it's meant to replace the Death
Adder
it's just to sit alongside with the
Death Adder as a kind of different shape
for people that don't like the Death
Adder so other features that they're
marketing on this thing number one is
the cable it's supposed to be this fig
what they're calling it hyper fast cable
I'm sure but it's made of a different
material it is you
feel it right away it's almost like if I
had to describe it it's kind of like a
like a swimsuit material like super
slick so if you've used any kind of
braided cable mouse before if you use it
long enough what inevitably happens with
every single one of them is that they
they fray like they get this like I
don't know and this is not you know this
is a steel series Kinzua version - this
like fraying I don't this camera is
picking it up but it is very common you
see it on basically every other cable -
Mouse braided cabled Mouse if you've
used it for long enough and it's just a
gross I mean it just looks bad but not
that it affects performance but it does
get frayed this new material is supposed
to prevent that I can't tell you but it
does feel different and it does feel
kind of like slicker than the regular
braided cable but the main feature that
this mouse has is an optical switch on
both of the mouse buttons so we've seen
optical switch technology on razors
keyboards and stuff like that and
there's implemented something similar to
that in these buttons and the idea is
that by using a light sensor to detect
whether the switch is activated or not
you get rid of any kind of analog
latency so in theory this should be a
very fast click like your computer will
detect it right away instead of having
whatever suppose the latency there is
with a traditional Mouse which now I
don't like I haven't been known to test
this obviously I personally don't know
how much faster these buttons can get
because I've never really felt like my
button click was you know that the
latency was causing me to perform poorly
in games but maybe that's a thing off to
test that out in a little bit I'm just
gonna plug this up real quick because
I'm curious to see what the lighting
looks like so far okay uh-oh lights up
on the bottom there's no lights on the
top I thought it would just I thought
there'd be a glow on the top but that's
it you got your your dpi selector light
but it's just this it's just the back
okay how does it feel
it's kind of like it's an ambidextrous
Mouse I like those I like the
symmetrical mice hope I'm not just a
randomly clicking salma computer I
totally am I can see the icons moving
around it feels good
in terms of its shape right mouse buns
the right mouse buttons are a little
higher than I like I like them lower but
it's a preference thing another thing
I'm noticing they have rubber on the
sides of the mouse so oftentimes when
you have really lights like weight
focused mice like the final mouse and
the Oh Mouse they have like they just
have this pure plastic shell sometimes
like a perforated skeleton of a shell to
keep the weight down and rubber is not a
material you often see in an ultra-light
mice but this is nice yeah feels good
okay I'm gonna test this thing out more
thoroughly and be back with a more
extensive discussion on how this thing
performs in games
okay so I've been using the Razer Viper
for three days at this point and bottom
line I really like this Mouse I thought
I would like it because that everything
about it is stuff that I have preference
for like the weight the shape the sensor
like everything's good on it the weight
is something I want to talk about a
little bit further maybe I'm just used
to a lot of heavier razer mice like
three days later I'm still picking this
up and it just feels unexpectedly like
it's not like the lightest Mouse in the
world I'm not saying that but it's for a
razer branded Mouse it just feels
different I think you've you're a user
of Razer mice you will notice the same
but if you have preference for lights
mice you'll probably like this the shape
of it also like I like the symmetrical
look now maybe it's because I grew up on
ambidextrous mice like I just have a
strong preference for mice that are not
shaped to one hand or the other I like a
mouse like this
one thing I was a little concerned about
because this is such a light Mouse
compared to razors other mice I don't
know about long-term durability I mean
it is a lighter mouse so there's less
material in this thing and maybe some of
that material is built for structure and
support so if you drop this thing 500
times it might not last as long as like
a regular razor mass has been dropped
500 times as well I can't tell but I do
like the look feel and shape of this
Mouse in terms of gaming performance the
game that I played the most of with this
mouse was overwatch it's still my
favorite game and I play a character
called Anna who's got kind of like a
sleep dart ability so you got a lead the
shot but you have to have decent aim
with that shot and I wouldn't say I was
hitting or missing shots any better or
worse than I would with my regular Mouse
but it just felt really comfortable on
this Mouse it's by far my favorite Razer
Mouse right now mostly because with
shape and its weight not because that's
other features so speaking of those
other features it's big thing that
they're marketing right now is the
optical switch they have for the two
mouse buttons the idea of it is cool
there's no debounce delay it uses lasers
and stuff and the lifetime durability of
those switches is supposed to be a lot
longer than a regular analog switch but
I didn't notice that much of
difference in gameplay and in just like
reaction tests that I just did on our
website I ran the test over and over
between two different mines to switch
between the lancehead and the Viper and
the landside and the Viper just back and
forth back and forth for like 20 minutes
and there was no real difference between
the two now it could just be me the user
or the internet connection but whatever
the reason I really couldn't distinguish
between the two in terms of how quick
the mouse-click latency was the sensor
uses the standard razor high-end sensor
the 5g optical great sensor well
reviewed there's nothing really to
complain about that sensor it's based
off the pmw 3389 and i think most people
will really like this sensor the cable
uses that speed flex cable not the hyper
what ever thought it wasn't earlier it's
a cool technology the idea of it is neat
but again I'm not noticing much of a
difference between this cable and even
like a regular braided cable I think
that's just I don't want to use the term
gimmick but it's a gimmick I think I
don't think it hurts right having a
smoother material can't hurt the mouse
but I don't think it really provides
that much for the average gamer maybe in
that like one scenario where you're just
trying to do a flick shot and it drags a
little bit my maybe but I think for most
people the cable is not going to be a
thing that makes or breaks your gaming
they also have some other features like
you have some programmable buttons and
you can control the lighting in Razer
software but the main kind of feature of
this mouse to me and I think for most
people looking at this thing is its
weight and I think Razer did a great job
with it
Razer has not had a light Mouse that's
great for like FPS shooters with a good
sensor and good like overall package for
a really long time I think the last one
they had was I think like 2013 or
something like that
not a great sensor this is a really good
Mouse and it's something that FPS
competitive gamers really like like a
lightweight high quality sensor Mouse
and this is it now if you're someone who
didn't like razors death outer shape and
you want something lightweight I think
this is a good fit it is not cheap
though it's 80 bucks like not that it's
super expensive but there are a lot of
other mice out there that are similar in
performance that are cheaper but if you
like the whole Razer brand and you want
to do the whole Razer thing this is good
option but just keep in mind
lightweight nature of this mouse is
really where it's at all the other stuff
like the optical switches the hyper flex
cable speed flex cable
I'll get that name right one day but the
speed flex cable it's all gravy it's
just the the weight is what they nailed
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time